As I progressed through my career, I found that I work slightly more and
more. So I began probably with around like, nine or 10 hour workdays,
and they every about every five years, it grows about one one more
hour with each solid workday. So, for instance, now, um, for a normal
workday, I could work, like maybe 12 or 13 hours. Whereas when
I started, it was like, nine. But, um, what's more important is the
type of work that you do. So when you first come in, um, you just told
what to do is like, Hey, you know what? Like we have toe get this
pump changed out, Um, get the grapples and, you know, take it out.
Um, five years later, you're a part of the cruise like, Hey, you take
those four people for people and you go and take that pump out five
years after that, Uh, then you're the person that tells that one
person to go do it, and you're actually not at the scene. Sometimes
you're not at the scene on Ben. They just tell you Hey, we just did
it. Um, you still have the same amount of work because there's a lot
of paperwork that goes along with it. But you can see that as you as
you progress. It goes from working with your hands toe, working with
your mind on working with the pin.